README.md, before:

# Ag-row

## Tech used: 
![flutter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89147145/225720130-8eef0ec5-6581-413a-9e72-e8a48c6b3e1b.png)


## Introduction:
Farmers frequently suffer significant losses as they sell their produce 
for exorbitantly low prices or dump them as a consequence of surplus crops 
and unstable market prices.  Our aim is to prevent wastage of surplus produce, educate 
farmers and help them make informed decisions that contribute in their overall developement
and help build a sustainable ecosystem. 

The features of the app include market price analysis, nearby cold storage and testing lab information, 
business connections, reutilization and remake of produce options, and education on daily news, subsidies, and benefits.

## Market Price Analysis:

A clear understanding of varying market rates can allow farmers to make informed decisions. 
The market analysis feature provides farmers with statistics on the prices 
of crops they sell. 
At present, the app has the ability to analyze and display two types of graphs.
The first graph shows changes in crop rates over time period (1 week, 1 month, 6 month etc) in a specific location that the farmer has selected.
The second graph displays the trend in the average prices of the produce in various locations within a specified radius over a specified time period (chosen by farmer).
This information can help farmers make strategic decisions about  their crops, including when and where to sell, which crops to grow, and how much to produce. Thereby
focusing in the economic welfare and developement of the farmer. 

## Cold Storage:

Cold storage is an essential component of modern agricultural practices, 
that help to extend the shelf life of the produce and maintain its quality.
Cold storages help farmers extend the lifetime of producr thus reducing their losses, 
access markets that are far away from their farms.

Through our app, farmers can quickly find nearby cold storage facilities and get in touch with their managers to learn more and make use 
of them for their benefit.

## Soil Testing and Seed Testing Labs:
This feature of app helps the farmer to identify and locate nearby
testing labs/facilities to test their soil and seeds.
This is an essential phase for a farmer because quality of seeds say about
the amount of yield they get. Soil testing helps in measuring the nutrient
levels, thus helping the farmer to not contaminate the soil
with excessive fertilizers

## Business Connections:
The app includes a feature where farmers can search for businesses to sell their crop to and 
connect with other farmers. This feature provides farmers with a platform to network with potential 
buyers and sellers, thereby increasing their business opportunities.

## Crop Processing Options:
Another special feature of the app is that it gives farmers other choices to sell their produce. 
The app provides ideas on how to convert their crop into processed food and sell them. This feature 
enables farmers to explore alternative avenues for selling their produce and increase their profits.

## Education:
The app provides daily news relevant to farmers in their area, including information about subsidies 
and other benefits. Additionally, the app provides educational resources to help farmers improve 
their knowledge and skills related to farming.

Commit message:

added instructions for local deployment

README.md, after:

# Ag-row

## Tech used: 
![flutter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/89147145/225720130-8eef0ec5-6581-413a-9e72-e8a48c6b3e1b.png)


## Introduction:
Farmers frequently suffer significant losses as they sell their produce 
for exorbitantly low prices or dump them as a consequence of surplus crops 
and unstable market prices.  Our aim is to prevent wastage of surplus produce, educate 
farmers and help them make informed decisions that contribute in their overall developement
and help build a sustainable ecosystem. 

The features of the app include market price analysis, nearby cold storage and testing lab information, 
business connections, reutilization and remake of produce options, and education on daily news, subsidies, and benefits.

## Market Price Analysis:

A clear understanding of varying market rates can allow farmers to make informed decisions. 
The market analysis feature provides farmers with statistics on the prices 
of crops they sell. 
At present, the app has the ability to analyze and display two types of graphs.
The first graph shows changes in crop rates over time period (1 week, 1 month, 6 month etc) in a specific location that the farmer has selected.
The second graph displays the trend in the average prices of the produce in various locations within a specified radius over a specified time period (chosen by farmer).
This information can help farmers make strategic decisions about their crops, including when and where to sell, which crops to grow, and how much to produce. 
Thereby focusing in the economic welfare and developement of the farmer. 

## Cold Storage:

Cold storage is an essential component of modern agricultural practices, 
that help to extend the shelf life of the produce and maintain its quality.
Cold storages help farmers extend the lifetime of producr thus reducing their losses, 
access markets that are far away from their farms.

Through our app, farmers can quickly find nearby cold storage facilities and get in touch with their managers to learn more and make use 
of them for their benefit.

## Soil Testing and Seed Testing Labs:
This feature of app helps the farmer to identify and locate nearby
testing labs/facilities to test their soil and seeds.
This is an essential phase for a farmer because quality of seeds say about
the amount of yield they get. Soil testing helps in measuring the nutrient
levels, thus helping the farmer to not contaminate the soil
with excessive fertilizers

## Business Connections:
The app includes a feature where farmers can search for businesses to sell their crop to and 
connect with other farmers. This feature provides farmers with a platform to network with potential 
buyers and sellers, thereby increasing their business opportunities.

## Crop Processing Options:
Another special feature of the app is that it gives farmers other choices to sell their produce. 
The app provides ideas on how to convert their crop into processed food and sell them. This feature 
enables farmers to explore alternative avenues for selling their produce and increase their profits.

## Education:
The app provides daily news relevant to farmers in their area, including information about subsidies 
and other benefits. Additionally, the app provides educational resources to help farmers improve 
their knowledge and skills related to farming.


## Local Deployment:

**Step-1:**
Clone this repo using
```
git clone https://github.com/Ary0405/GLITCH.git
```

**Step-2**
From the root directory of the project run
```
flutter run
```
**Note: If flutter is not configured in your system, you can find how to do it here**
https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install
